Brave adventurer, welcome to the dark and wild place called Morgana!
You are about to start (or continue) your unforgettable adventure in this creepy and mysterious place.@
2@
Trembling Dunes@
You are now standing in front of the great Tremling Dunes. 
This place has been avoided by the locals for the past three decades because of people mysteriously vanishing inside. 
Step forward if you are brave enough. Good luck on your way!@
After a great amount of time making your way through the Dunes you see an old man sitting next to some strange-looking rocks.
"Good evening, Sir!" he says, "My name is William Helt but everyone calls me Bald Will. I'm currently working on a new book of Morgana monster species and the last creature I need to write about is probably hiding in the cave behind these rocks. Would you be so kind to help me with my research?"@
Sand Storm Blade@
"Thank you in advance! Your contribution will not be forgotten! Now off you go," says the old scientist.
You move the rocks and enter the dark cave.@
Two terrible hours of walking back and you finally see the sky - you got out of the caves. 
"Surprised to see you again! Everyone else I've sent inside did not make it back here .. Anyways, you completed your task and deserve a reward. Here, take my blade. It served me for ages, but I'm too old to use it now," says the man and passes you a big glowing weapon.@
1@
After a couple of minutes walking in the dark you see a suspicious-looking glowing rock. When you try to lift it, it starts to hiss and turns out to be a magic snake that has just been woken up. It attacks you for disturbing its peace.@
1@
+@
You suddenly see a chest in front of yourself and examine its contents.@
The passage starts getting bigger with every step you take. Then you finally reach the end of the caves and see a an enormous creature awakening in front of you. 
"Oh, another one is here to die! Guess they never learn.." says the monster.@
Magic Apple@
The monster has been defeated and you have collected all the required data for William. You may now return and receive your reward.@
Dark Forest@
You are about to enter the darkest forest you have ever seen. The trees are so tall and fluffy you can barely see the sky. Creepy animallike noises coming from the darkness make you tremble in terror.
Good luck on your way!@
Nobody knows how long have you been wandering around this place. 
You suddenly see a woman silently crying next to a black oak. She looks up at you and says: "Oh, thanks goodness you're here! I thought nobody was ever going to come.. My daughter! They took my daughter! Oh, noble knight, don't leave her in the arms of those dirty Tree people! Save her, please!"@
Emerald bow of the Tree Folk@
"Thank you! Thank you!", she cries. 
You leave her and rush into the woods to look for a girl.@
Lucky for you, the girl knew how to get back fast - it only took you an hour.
"My poor little baby, I thought I'd never see you again! Thank you, brave adventurer. Here, take this weird thing, I found it under the tree," says the woman and hugs her daughter.@
2@
Ten steps away from the woman and a giant black monster with thousands of eyes blocks your way. 
You try to avoid him as you have no time to waste, but he attacks you..@
Then you see a huge bird sitting in your way. It thinks you intend to break her eggs so that immediately attacks you.@
1@
-@
A tree has fallen on you. You nearly died!@
After a great amount of time looking for the girl you finally see a village of the Tree people.
"If you are here to rescue this little crying creature you have to fight us first!" says their leader.
An arrow lands right before your leg.@
Elf's bread@
You have defeated the Tree people and saved the litte girl. You now head to her mother.@
Your journey is over, monsters are defeated and treasures are collected. Hope you enjoyed this adventure. Bye!@
